# Animal-Map

This project has been created on Jupyter Notebook, using Anaconda.
This project lets the user manipulate a database containing informations about different **animal species**. The user can **add**, **delete**, **modify** species. Each species will then be displayed on a **world map**, using markers. By clicking on a marker, a small **popup** shows the stored informations about the species.

There is 2 base .csv files, which contains informations about several species. These will automatically generate markers on the first launch of the program. Note that the popups of the included species, will contain an image. I could not find a way to properly do the same thing with the species added by the user himself.

The database uses python's **sqlite3** library.

`<conda install -c conda-forge sqlite>`

The map is generated by the **folium** library.

`<conda install -c conda-forge folium>`

The program offers certain options regarding the map:
* A fullscreen button
* Different map layers
* A map scale
* A legend on the side
* Ability to zoom

One current **problem** is that, modifying the location of a species in the database, will not remove the original marker. And it is the same for deletion. This is because there is currently no function in Folium, that lets us delete an existing marker. After some research, I found that something similar could be achieved by manipulating map layers, using **Java** language and **Leaflet**. But I decided to not include it in the current state of the project.
